[Music]
Hello how are you all paying attention and
stay until the end of this video
because I have something that is really going to amaze you
I promise that it is going to leave us
indifferent and that you are going to laugh a
lot, a lot for real I mean
stay until the end of the video so we can
see the clip of marra that
Mimi discovered But it is going to be
spectacular because you are going to fall on the
floor laughing Well first of all I would like to
greet you all and wish you all a great
magnificent weekend and ask
all of you who are new to
this channel by chance because
you have come across this video to
subscribe because it is completely free
and well to all of you who like this
content I ask you please to give it a
like because by liking it
the videos are shared better and they go viral more
attentive to the ridiculousness that María
Patiño has made I have two clips one that
Pink Crown shared here
also shared by our dear Mr. Peter
and what Mimi has discovered in this
other one that I am going to put later
you are really going to  sick of laughing a
masterful catch a
wonderful catch I'm going to put this to you
because really
Maria Patiño starts to manipulate and
blame Antonio David for the
image that she has currently you
know that currently the image of
Maria Patiño is that of a journalist who does
not know how to do her profession
well that her opinions and her criteria are
no longer valid because evidently she is
manipulated by the owners and directors
of the television factory meaning she
no longer gives you an opinion even if it is based
on her research in her criteria the
data that she handles No she is
completely manipulated like when you
play Super Mario and you are
moving it with the controller by the directors
and the owners of the television factory she cannot have her
own opinion she cannot
have her own opinion let's see she can
have it what she cannot do say it
Because if they tell her the same thing they will fire her
so Maria Patiño is very hurt and
very burned by everything that
people are saying about her on social networks which is the
Real opinion of the people Not everything that we
see on Twitter on YouTube and she does not
want to accept it and she is blaming  About this
Antonio David I already said the other day
I can understand her, I mean the
standard of living that she already has working
where she works, because if they kick her out and
fire her from there, maybe she can't live it, I
understand that she looks out for her
money and her food but I'm not going to
respect that I mean you can't want to have
that path but then also want to
have dignity and professionalism and for
people to value your credibility and your
criteria why not and pay attention Because
first I'm going to put what
Anthony said and then I'm going to put the
incredible and tremendous saska that this video is
very important it would be brutal if you
made this video viral it's worth
sharing it, giving it a like, do everything you have to
do so that this video is
seen by the whole world and not
forgotten, also it's how they are set up and how
trends are created and How they are organized
can Well here basically María
Patiño is saying that I know how they are
set up How trends are created and How they are
organized let's see each one
can organize themselves in networks as they
please but if people don't support you and if
people don't believe you they are not going to support you  I don't
know if Maria Patiño is
referring here to when we or Antonio
David created hathan no Hey, dismantling
Carlota corredera Hey, dismantling I don't
know who, it doesn't matter, I can create whatever
hashtag I want. If
people don't believe me and don't support me, it's not going to go
viral. When things have been
shared, okay, when things have been
shared, they have gone viral, it's because
the vast majority of the audience
supports them, without further ado, they have
even been created against me and they have not gone viral,
okay, there
are tons of Carrasquista axes
that have been attempted and that have been requested
actively, actively, and passively
through accounts that had many
followers and have not gone viral,
okay, God can come and tell me the
hashtag Maria Patiño has no
credibility. If people do not
agree, they are not going to share it, okay, when
a hashtag becomes a trend, it is because it is
strongly supported by people and because
people make it viral without further ado, okay, if we
put ourselves aside, I think that there have been
minutes that have been against everyone, on
one side or the other, because How many times
have we commented  here the
Carrasquista movements are not that they are also
influenced by you María Patín and by the
role that you are developing in your
program no, they have not even become a
trend Antonio David abuser that we
have seen no and you have participated
in it
saying before an animal abuser that if
vicarious violence and a lot of things
for which right now you are having to
give explanations in court and
more because the civil lawsuits will also come to you
María Patiño okay so I mean
you are in it up to your neck that you must be
earning a lot following this path
but that you are up to your neck is
simply having 5000 followers and creating
trends where they play with your profession
with you they humiliate you and berate you well
playing with your profession and humiliating you let's
see the criteria that you have And
people value your work
based on what you demonstrate it's worth I will
never support people who humiliate, who
leave okay if they are insulting you then it
seems terrible to me In fact I have always
defended even when they slander and
when they insult Rocío Carrasco because it
seems to me that it takes away weight from our
fight that  it's the truth I mean if I have
more than enough arguments to refute
and make you look ridiculous the little
credibility you have why would I
insult you that makes me lose
because it makes me lose value at the time
even if they have the truth if you are
using insults then you can lose
a little value okay because in the end
maybe they are going to pay more attention to the
insults than what you are saying I
tell you and I recommend you and I say it for real
because I know how you move on a digital level
I have received absolutely everything and you are
the only one who can stop it I have
received everything here basically it will be
referring to some you and the one to whom Cristina
contributes the online call some
comment that has responded okay
Because
Cristina contributes has a lot of power in
networks because people love her a lot and
Hey moves a lot eh moves a lot in networks
from Face to determined I don't care about a
criticism I don't care if a follower of
yours doesn't like me and criticizes me and says
that I am dwarf no no But what they
tell you María Patiño is that you have no
credibility that your word as a
journalist is no longer valid because you said one
thing and the next day suddenly you
changed  completely the suit for the
Pink suit because if not they would have fired you okay
María Patiño You gave like that you are
throwing in Cristina Porta now
this but you gave like to a tweet
that was against the producer and
against Belén Esteban and you started to
cry scared on the set when
Miguel frigenti exposed it okay So
shut your mouth about the likes that
people have to give the axes that
people have to share because the one that
you you share whatever you want
but the one who is under the clutches of the
television factory and the one who has the
bought and dominated opinion Okay and
controlled is you the others have no
reason to do it okay I don't care but
any blessing from you and I say this
publicly in regards to any
vexation towards me personally towards my
profession with the people who follow you
in the way that they organize and create
trends in the networks in the same
way that I act against a being that is no longer
with us And you know what I
mean I have no problem
acting against you I'm going to let you
fall as if I had  she sued
Antonio reported Antonio because
Antonio is the culprit who already said it no
on another occasion is not that in fact he
said it literally okay he said that Antonio Viera
The culprit of the networks being
against her and that the police know he
already said it in a program no that the
police were investigating all the
accounts that were behind Antonio
Abino And it is believed that with this he intimidates
someone no María Patiño the one who is
reported It's you I know that
complaint okay you are reported for
slander and libel And you have to
prove in court how Where are
the videos that you made that you said
existed both in the pasting of
posters okay the one who is reported
because slander is you That you have called
Antonio David an abuser many
times your producer is not that it is
reported your producer is convicted
Okay she is convicted of unfair dismissal and
for fact the almost 200,000 turkeys
that Antonio David has to pay him
okay But you are also reported for
criminal and we have also caught you
many times making up stories
Then no  go around like a cool guy that you're
defending your honor that people don't
have you that weakness because of Antonio
I saw that he's creating rumors about you no
people are giving their opinion about you based on
what you're doing that basically what
people think about you is that you
have no criteria and that you don't have your
own opinion that you are like a
muppet manipulated by the
TV factory okay And this opinion is
completely true why because we have
all the clips where you said
the reality of what you thought and then they
pulled your ear and you said the
opposite okay people have freedom
of opinion and expression and that you are
manipulated by the TV factory it's
so you'll see like I'm going to put it in
this video and pay attention to this audio okay
not what was promised but because of my way of
working I don't want to
get into trouble colleagues pay attention
to all the words that
María Patiño is saying and to what you hear
behind but the only thing I can say
is that yesterday my eyes saw I will
pull like
human people from this medium
listen in the background okay if you notice
María Patiño is speaking  and he stops for 3
seconds, that is, he's talking and he stops for 3
seconds he starts talking again and stops for 5
seconds
journalism of the journalism
of La Crónica social was
moving you are listening to him David
Valdepera is dictating to María
Patiño through the earpiece what he has to
say okay he's dictating it like
a little kid at school like a little kid
when he goes to the end of the
year function okay listen to it carefully I'll play it for you
again
human of this medium of journalism of
journalism of journalism and she repeats it
from La Crónica social from La Crónica
social
was moving they slipped the microphone they
slipped the microphone the voice of
David Valdepera dictating to María
Patiño what she has to say María
Patiño I'm
so sorry my daughter But you are a
puppet of the television factory without
more you don't have your own opinion they only
tell you what you have to say and what you
have to think and you say it with
a script and with what they want you to
say okay So I'm so sorry but
don't act like a Guay because of  Cool, they
have nothing family. What do you think about
this? I'll be reading the
comments box. A huge kiss and until the
next video.
[Music]